Shave, how can I disinfect you if you don't shave?
Don't worry, there's no razor on it.
I am skilled
It won't hurt you any more
Uh clear
Then I'm early, I have to kill you
Princess
The ginseng tea you ordered for the prince is ready.
Ouch oops
Lao Nong seems to be
It's okay, it's been dealt with.
Please give me the inconvenience of the prince
Your Highness, why don't I feed you?
Why should the prince be brave?
We are all our own
The king is so angry
Get out of here
Prince Qi came to visit
He's waiting at the door
You can't see it.
Tianwang Lao Tzu came and didn't see him
Stop talking about walking, walking, walking
Humph
Yeah. Why are you here?
Wang Yan, don't talk to Mrs. Wu like this.
I met Mrs. Wu
You two are here to visit the prince, right?
He is not a swordsman today
Come back another day
Let King Qi and King Qi fly in